AI Usage
Vince Franco Baluis
vbaluis@terpmail.umd.edu
Section 0203

Week 1 9/8-9/11
My AI usage for this week is pretty simple. I used AI to help calculate the
estimated macros for the food I ate for that day so I can. I would put the
AI chat link here but I used the app on my phone for this one and I'm not sure
how to grab the chat link for those.

Week 2 9/15-9/19
My Ai usage for this week is a little bit more than the previous week. This week
I had some assignment where it required me to brainstorm some ideas with my group
on two of classes. I used ChatGPT to give some ideas on what the topic of our group
is going to do and to help us start with an argument on a question. And that pretty
much what I used AI for this week..

Week 3 9/22-9/26
My AI usage for this week is the same from last week. One of my class needed us to
think of the differences between feedback and criticism. Essentially feedback is the
good one while criticism is the bad one. I also used AI to do some research for my
personal business. Which helped me understand more about the thing that I'm trying
to do.

Week 4 9/29-10/3
For this week's AI usage I used AI to help me understand some questions on my practice
question for one of my class. The AI helped me really understand the question so I
decided to use more of it on next few questions. I also used AI to help me brainstorm
and think of things I could do for a presentation that I'll be doing.

Week 5 10/6-10/10
For this week's AI usage, my group and I struggled with trying to workout a big csv file
to GitHub because only allow 100MB or less and the csv file we had was over 800MB. So I
asked ChatGPT of ways we can get over this hurdle but ultimately we just resulted into
finding a new csv file and filling out the genre manually.

Week 6 10/20-10/24
I barely used AI for this week, in fact I don't remember using it at all this week.
Maybe the only thing I used it for was asking it some question about some random facts
about the author of this one show I wacthed.

Week 7 10/27-10/30
For my AI usafe for this week, I used AI to do one of my assignment from one of my class
where it asks us to compare two different responses from both Gen AI and the similarities
and differences of them. It also asks us to use AI to further expand our search with it.

Week 8 11/3-11/7
For my AI usage for this week I asked it to help me with this week's code. I stuggled a
little bit when it came to it so I asked it to help me with it.

Week 9 11/10-11/14
For my AI usage for this week I used it to help me with some prompt questions for some of
my homework that asks us to come up with questions. I also used AI to give me study guide
on one of my class.

Week 10 11/17-11/21
My AI usage for this week, I had asked AI to helped me brainstorm ideas for one of my
discussion question from on my class. The question asked us to come up with 5 different
things regarding about the topic we had talked in class. I also used AI to create some
funny videos on SoraAI.